YouTube kids
the poor lukewarm what happens to him is that he's
used to seeing it's two in
the morning
yes 2 in the morning
and he doesn't understand this he's
used to it now well we go down
and we walk and we're out there no and no as it
was in quarantine well he can't go
down I have it at ten to eleven
well
but a quarter to 20
and you're not going any further until tomorrow
morning
so I can't explain to him that we can't
go down at night and he doesn't
understand of course he comes to look for me and here
live and at two it's been in the morning
well he comes to look to cool down what's going on with
your thing what's going on in your thing
but well it's not that it bothers them
much or I mean it's just that he misses it a little
because he sees that there's something strange there's nothing
that doesn't fit but
city open to say hello to ask is it
okay
yes yes we are in quarantine but
right now they have put a curfew on us
that we can't leave the house from
11 at night until 6 in the morning
for nothing at all
when the quarantine was at least they
let you go down to take the dog out I  I
think I should at least leave to
take the dog out even if it's just down here
a quick thing pin because man it
would be very good for him he's used to coming
down
later you know and well I don't know I think we
're going to end up grounded again another
point at home forget about forgetting about
Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve because that's not going to
be that this year it's not going to be
Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve it's going to be
only with those of you who live at home the
family unit well of course there will be
people who do whatever the [ __ ] you want
like always no and that's how we are and we're going to
watch a video
in which they read my cards look
I'm not a believer in things that can't happen you
know and I like these things
now I'm
not going to put this at speed 2 let's
see if you understand it at speed and we
can watch it but I would like to see it
I would like to see what the
cards have in store for me will
I go bald or not
[Music]
i
ah
[Music]
I like the tarot of roses because it hasn't
been very complicated in plans let's see I'm
going to put a name I'm going to put a
stage name
okay let's see
jacques welcome now thank you very much
remember everyone who can hear us clearly
because I removed the audio
well let's get started if you can hear you
sons of [ __ ]
if you can hear you sons of [ __ ] who are being
annoying I'll send you to hell
quickly and like per se with the trolls that you
were the time that I was here with you
and well I'm going to be by the other hurry
today but now I have all the balls to
remind you that remind you that we just
passed 700 members
Javier Canijo
and all this has been because YouTube
wants to kick me out and it's not going to kick me out
we're staying here on YouTube in you know
if you want to support me and that I stayed here
make the members please it's very
cheap my soul let's see Rosa Rosa
wanted to put an artistic name in
plastic
Sandro Rey has taken Lola Montero
also the tarot of being in Rosa [ __ ] it
let's get started welcome one more day
to the drill if you're here today
curiosity brings us today I'm telling you to say what are
we going to do we're going to throw the stick but
to the famous in this case today
we're going to do a strip  general and you
can ask me a question while
we watch personal topics from the kingdom
of karting
he said that he said that he is worth the
letters to famous people
and I
am a famous
these girls good people so well
the fortune of fortune above all I
want to know Rosita if we are going to reach a
thousand members so let's
concentrate
on our king of salsa
because with the age that happens to me I don't know
what the [ __ ] I get out of my browser
today it's my turn today you piss me off
a lot of things
like they have the letters to tell us
regarding this king of youtube
and the letters that I don't know if the letters
tell me good things today I get a
letter from the treasury the [ __ ] haven't
told me one well the daughter of a [ __ ] the letter
that I get today what a letter from the
treasury and it doesn't add me well I took
a dive there like by the sphincter as I
was saying of those that my god the letters let's
see if that letter I took charge less
has the letters to tell us leave my
daughter is
done we
are going to change
of course
the letters those letters have to be
like a drunken cuba
speed
like since they have already  said something launches and
remixing and they have already told him something the
letter what it is to understand her let's
see
very well
rossi also nervous my god I
love you beautiful
greetings javi from yuta usa you are the
best of salsero always well accepted
your videos I enjoy while I work
okay now accompany you ansón and thank you
very much for the super chat
ascending grape live already enjoy
uy
that is the devil the couple here this one
a son of a [ __ ] but he doesn't need what he
says well well
a situation that together they have had to
leave because of a situation that they went through as a
couple and together they have come out ahead in
that bad moment
the sounds more strongly like with
couples
day
you know what happens every time they
read my letters of these things that of course
you start to think what it could
be what is telling you you try to
look for the relationship you know
why by the [ __ ] you
try to look for the past and now I
start here to think and I say well and
what the worst is that there was a bad
situation the only thing that occurs to me what happened
last year not that of the people are
trying to
destroy me but of course that in  reality
that will affect us as a couple it really pissed us
off because it was a
very dirty attack but man affect not
as a couple that has brought us closer to
us we were and not for these things
we keep track because you see we don't
tell each other everything
or rather something so strong that he shot us
well
the past hello hello what
happened has
passed quickly
also thanks my weapon
capable the phoenix that was caught
sin in the [ __ ]
I [ __ ] the [ __ ] now what I do sometimes
but before seeing to see what I can do
to get the camera
to work again I
change it
and put it back on
for god he doesn't see us from these scares don't
talk about these others that the heart lives
our for these things
today today the director of up has given me
a couple of tear bugs it's like he
wanted to thong from me but the wise man shows his
face and reacts in time he is the
wise man to solve it time
good woman who says it Rosa
hello
when I had a family that had
known how to capitalize on all his talent
that company many years many
unconditional in the two fight a lot
for each one in different ways no but
you are a very forced person a
worker your happiness  is in the
harmony of the family in harmony of his
home of his family nothing
very hard-working very busy in general
very busy in general what has
a lot to do
today Daniel what's going on do you want to fight
Daniel has have a problem with me
Daniel Lopez enemy of course because of his
position is happening the king makes us he
has many enemies that because of his
position yes because he reached a position
where he is an emperor here it is
clearly seen this card
has come out the emperor card
because I am
clear in some countries today the emperor
of salsa here in Spain as we know
monarchy still of course the king but
in some countries I am the emperor of
[ __ ] I started to use it in it as it would be
folk and in the pp which is a hanger
but it reached a position that does not
stop
to see if it is true that lately the
channel is stagnant you are so down the
channel
and always for the development you have always
done together you
have to work a little a little
security with respect to Javi union
and work a little on your
emotional security which is what you have as if you
lack if we have tried it is very forced
always tries to be in all the
packages a very detail-oriented person who
goes is very  thorough
is a day I lack
if training has committed money if
things end and it is an
unfounded fear because that is not going to happen
and continues on his schedule with his
stable job growing more and more
tomorrow I am missing and if this
can be it can be let's see I already know you
always say I have made youtube
of flipping me and so on apart from that I am nobody
also not here to believe the things
that we have to take advantage of for time all
the time that this lasts and save as
much as possible because this that same
we catch May already
and I heard us of 20 years that those of
youtube at least yeast another 20
maybe when I am 45 years old people
sue for ass maybe it will
last me 15 years around there instead of being or
10 we do not know how good there we are or the
pets
the home and it is
good
in general that it is not very private of the
king
to see if anyone has the permission question
is that this one has answered the question
class the people the
people in the chat about me so let's
see what people say
and let's go for the right
if it will remain  recorded two eyes eyes
eyes that will give the result before
time
thanks
share guys so
imagine that she tells us that I'm going to lose
and if not
the mother is the calculator nothing more this
girl is manipulative and the one who wants to
leave her life this girl Antonio
thanks
the economic management
this girl
on top of that it is not costing them because
neither
with all he is a person
although for the media although for the
public the [ __ ] what is in
question is
no
thanks Victor
I don't even know that I did not write it
well I hate I am also
in what way they subscribe to me and one or the
other application seen my weapon do not
worry do
not worry Victor
if he does not have it nothing happens with you
being there on YouTube I am going to be grateful to
you I am going to see what
Rosita says I am not nervous with the
result
but surely exactly
well if people really snake
really snake because they have done it behind her
back in this thing you do
not know you do not know what they have done to me
behind my back the opposite when
everything happens right now I cannot tell it I am
looking forward to it it
is logical
and if it is not going to show
this hard fight warrior
always reconciliation
and actions before reaching the
end but people are
not that one of the collection and
unfortunately they want to mark everything they
want the cardboard Solis who are very
massive to that mother
the lives of her children
is all
the truth
of health
so
well about the trial he
says that I'm going to win he says that I'm going to
win
and that when he wants health
health worries me is that I
am guts Raul and we are
going to ask we are
going to learn a lot Javi
security
and that Rosa daughter
thanks to the letters that the doctor tells me
phase 3
well he always says it they already spend the
worries between the great because he
is a person with a character that
when he gets heated knowingly and what he
heats up and that he is justice
take advantage of
many things also many things
also life gravitates although he has I don't
know why to worry the one with an
excessive imagination that if there is an issue
that worries him and gives him life the sight is
precisely the same
because the head
things that fuels that raise improve
as it is alive
how strong
host [ __ ]
but if nobody asks
about that I like these things God and
Salamanca alone
with everything history as well as towards Milan
as well as a world  of that which is small
thanks and he gets angry and after
the anger that has exhausted him and after being
exhausted he returns so positive when
arriving at Blanca he also recorded to
record a warm-up although the day
with many various things and that his family his
wife contain him the great this
space of peace that he needs takes care of him
says well calm down I already have some
things he imagines them he has an
imagination and they fight he finds himself
laughing and left that I think it
occurred to him that he thought of something else
simply really it is me literally he was
lazy captcha
or rather for that he Chavez I
am me literally me for example a
problem is worth it
as much as a health problem as a problem of
any thing I invent what is
going to happen to me, I mean for example my
elbow hurts and I start to imagine that this
is cancer okay and that this is going to
become cancer they are going to have to
cut off my arm and now what does the future hold for me
without an arm do you not go on youtube
because with this arm it would be my invention
me the whole story and Marino okay but
both health-wise and in moves okay it
came out for example I fight with a friend
and I say [ __ ] and I'll do it my friend has
the keys to my house is going to break into my
house is going to rob me it's going to be a lot of
copies of my mom's house keys
sell the bar I made up a
story of what's going to happen and then the
truth is nothing is going to happen because of course these
are things that I put myself in the
worst extreme but I already see myself without sleeping for three or
four days because I'm worried
because I think that's going to happen to me
and in reality it's not going to happen to me and
then I'm tired and
I'm trying to quit smoking I don't
want to be without smoking for a long
time again like I already said okay it's been
34 days without smoking and now I'm
imagining that there they're going to seize my
judgment [ __ ] the judgment they're going to
sentence me to 60 thousand euros plus things and
once they sentence me all my
followers are going to leave what do I know are
things and when he hit me several nights
after having I imagined that you already
know also if the alarm doesn't
hold up a lot of night like that because I
love you both very much kiss you
both  and the key well it burned my
head and already homeland
these people start telling me that Javi
but that they are the last option is just
calling and nothing ever happens in the end
you know
and in the end nothing ever happens at
least
well
the second case if it is a person very
well until I know nothing
but yes yes literally what they just
put on the flyer the same or I mean
anything I imagine the same I
get an anxiety attack because I'm
imagining something small and then it doesn't
work out for me both in health and in this in the
end that always every time never to
happen to that is hypochondriac like my
Alex varies every year so much of laughter and
kindness with a lioness
really are suns
that everything has a lot to do with family
it is a
good thing totally alone be like that me if I
now literally were single
involved in a lot of mobility
I alone
fatally in the head I would be involved in a
lot of mess that you [ __ ]
Chavez to the table I say
flowers
I'm going to do that
what are you talking about
[Music] I
mean everything back to this entourage and you know
where problems can come from
is a person
and  The good thing is that I always
confront it directly here
and at times
I am 49 and at your age the same thing happened to me
with so much anxiety I ended up with
irritable bowel syndrome. Of course, Tito,
the whole issue of anxiety, everyone
who has something related to
color or chrome,
the issue that in reality is not only
things of color or anything,
diabetes,
asthma, anxiety for the
health issue or it affects a lot, to see, it's not that I
had an anxiety attack like, well, what a
move but it is true that if I
had it I would only eat headfirst to
say things, let's see because I gave him my garden,
I imagine and I already believe that it's going to pass, you
know, but you have to take things
calmly and well, little by little,
some control, I have a pill,
thank you, so
well, it's not easy,
so not
the health of health that I wanted to know about
my issue,
I want to ask
on your primary channel to see if YouTube makes
things easier for you,
maybe all my son
and the pink secondary plate,
this is important for eating, the
problems
thanks to the problems, kids, we
started badly, the last one is not going to be
solved for now  this topic I don't know if
it's because things don't harm
if I want you to know that we can we
can't we can't
better than pedrosa che of the
ear but we ca
n't laugh we can't we can't
really we can't
go we
can't 200
to be able to that
is here with me but we can't we
can't what you want we can do it
big it's my article
if it will be solved yes but not in the short
term it will not continue to happen if there has to be
like a restructuring
because of those errors 60 of silver to the
content creator and even header
truck if things go bad they know
that the contents are being filled with
the platform there are 200 problems it's not
that I go to the cart I see
yes no
the week
lately I'm not having much I'm not
going to say anything because every time
I say something we already mess it up but lately
all the videos are monetizing this has
been one of the best months in
my entire life on youtube and that's visiting
nobody very powerful but what is
monetization is what it generates in the end it has
been the best in history so I
don't I can't complain in that
sense of what I'm complaining about
from the notifications issue you know there are
videos because I understand that there is
the Flanders Arceo thing and so on in TM but there
are videos that honestly I know
my channel when I'm going to make a video
when I'm going to make a video I could I
'm telling you look this video is going to
have 40,000 views you know but
however I know I know my channel and I would
tell you that for example the video of
why KFC is hated the Millo websites
have lied to us I consider those videos to have
100,000 views you know but well there
we are as long as we can as long as I have
my people here here in my members
actively on time
because it is in all of them
in reality it is not like that in reality it
is the main channel God I am
leaving it for videos that are about topics that I
like more that are edited or that I
consider that I can know that it is a
more or less intense video well for
example for the secondary channel to
talk to Lledó about Facua or to
talk about Quique's tweet or things like that that do
not fund for a video for the
main channel are topics that I do in the
secondary channel we are here live
filling in live  they monetize better
even on the secondary channel, what
maybe for the main channel I have to
record it with the click on send to
the editor, the editor sends it to me the
next day so there are topics that I
prefer to do it faster on the
main channel after videos that I want to
be more worked on because I think they can
wait a couple of days and I do them on the
main one but well there I go
selecting which videos I want to park as
main and stop and for the secondary one that's it there's
no more but I ca
n't complain I've been on some really good sites for a couple of months, really
good, the only thing is the issue of
notifications and that my main channel is
banned in some way that it's
not being recommended like the
secondary one
and I think that there have been videos that
should have been much more I consider
that there were videos that should have been
much more and should have given me many more
subscribers for well I tell you I ca
n't complain because there are people who
really can complain that they
are having a bad time and that things are not going well for them
and well
the solution is not immediate she is not girlfriend
mary back
unfortunately some class any
more questions and it's not your life
staff
very good question
god
the bible thank you very much
like the subject
juanes the judge I'm going to do a
special
should we go to mass
javi de sus planas
to see what he tells us he
imagines that he surprises us
but nothing more
and then
if they talk about everything but as always
additional and started to throw things
jones emergency very bad music clear
i
[Laughs]
what has obsessions is a person
who has obsessions well I have a
problem of solving his
emotional part his part of his life
like
a school we have a conscience he does
n't think strongly
what is happening can't be the subject
because
what we do here for the season that
was like three or four days in a row
talking about compiling for example
what is happening this week has not
put command but if he puts something we already
comment on it on Sunday because I know that
Sunday is the debate with Roma and already lolo I
will add it there I will comment on it there you know
well so we are later because we
have to know thank you thank you
talara they
are asking in the youtube chat
that they debate Roma on Sunday joan plana
debate with Roma Gallardo we will be here
watching it and reacting here live
okay so but but
same
also so many other things
the session always especially clear clear clear let's
see I totally avoided
confrontation I already left because the guy is really into it for
a week now he's been pissing me off
I'm not looking at his twitter that I was
stopping on twitter he dedicates it to me and I was passing by
when I jumped in well with everything
and that's how it was they were already climbing the
doors of respect he
is a very special person but let's
get the file inside about many more
things guys but not to say because they are from
the middle but we can put a context
to certain things that make the person
develop in a mental way
well
the king I like more
while everyone nods think think about
things because there are people who are 25
years old talking about the giants their
family their job
responsibilities
the kindness of before
the income and has managed to help themselves
calm down you
are taking out my whole life
that thought in a way
after risking a year and everyone
is that here it is a real pain in the ass and also
an apartment to see if they give us a lot of
pain every day something when you don't get
up downstairs the one downstairs gets a
car honks the cec at 8 in the morning
because another one is in  your profile to another and
lipo they already put the top when
the gas tank truck doesn't lift you
and
without clean water
even when a body that is not
looking is changing well because it is a
large movement that has to do
calculation also that some type of attachment
to the place and such is understood
as it is not the case but if we do not
have them because we cannot go but we are already
planning we are looking for
its power for the issue
for the issue that we are living a
strong movement at that moment now
also for the issue that we are seeing
also the moment but a movement
all PSOE is a movement texts or
sell a flat pay account that you have to
sell a flat and right at that
moment find the one that
wants to buy you or in other words it has to coincide
that they buy the flat at the same time that you
have the other available I
cannot buy one while I have not
sold the other I do not have money for
two mortgages I already have to sell this one and
just buy the other one and when
I deliver this having the other is a
complicated movement you cannot be
much also it can be that
also it is that you cannot
plan
to move or appear certain
movements is not the time provision
then
and also adoption
something less
is something that remembers
but of
course
if not no I don't think you know the situation
but because of the situation
for the boys
to the host you will see that
boys if he finds out we will send the
video of Rosita to the police
ah
would happen
false friends already part of many people
that is
why people who are not from the whole
process everything that he has
but what happens envy does not make me
delete when everything
and the average Argentine boy the fiber medium
thanks recognizes that thank you people
environment I
must trust because we all know
someone at this moment that is why this
and that that I found my life in
confidence of a person then that
I get along well understood came in this
person verified in the round he forgets
everything
and there
look
little things
to the police
in Spanish
then he
is capable of saying a lot
say thank you very much
I think that I just realized
that the two cameras
handle quality because he has here placed this one
already has everything very handsome he
has everything very configured I did not
know her and he has two webcams
this is well mounted in conditions I
recommend that you follow him  He
knows how to handle what he had to go through
many disappointments and today
every experience gave him a way
of
coming to show himself singing the gallantry
singing class but also of maintaining to
collaborate something we have work yes but
now his most intimate parts are no longer
normative
then well of
course if it is not that everything I feel
with people more than being friends
the special apart is a sociable person
but I think he learned to maintain
everyone knows me everywhere
knows
everyone talks to me all the knowledge and
internet I think I talk to
everyone everyone knows it anymore
because I never got
along with people but very well tutoring
talking to people you still talking with
Adrià
with nothing knows with Dallas also talked a
lot but there will always be there
like the care of close people to
antelo in a in something like special as do
not give your opinion spatial of work
but the bad news now yes that his
relationships with his father with his color
because I believe that he knows a lot of the world
at a work level that does not go to the
personal life of such
because yes sir if you knew everything
knew and everything that I know and
everyone pays but anyone of
anyone does things that the country I don't know
how I manage inside when it ends up
telling all the things but
super strong things be super super
strong things super super strong things but I do
n't tell the accounts I tell
professional YouTube things
and people as I say that I have the
illusion and it adjusts to what is remembered
that they had dedicated themselves to putting things on the
internet
of course that too many things harasses them
when things
are pathetic well
and community ads that
supposedly located passing the crime
but it is not
this seemed to be any girl
zilli [ __ ] if you if I really
were that you are not putting
totally absurd ads it is basically a
brat who although he had nothing else the
images were things that happen to
people when they start to become known
but not of
course up to date of
course and you continue scandals scandals and
ta kwai
because already like
that well we are not going to the son of a
[ __ ]
and so everything everything
that is rosita my weapon we are here it
no longer goes through everyone
if you are here in the middle you have to have to
know how to endure anything that is being
here in the middle and then
have the  infinite skin you're going to
[ __ ] that's
why desired by afis that harasses me
because he talks to me at 25 in the morning like that
my relationship with Dallas is not worth it let's
see
ah
stick pink that we are expectant
thanks to Christian I'm
going to give it to me thanks for lying as an
infant
I don't say I mean if they find a
deal he was resentful but very receptive
and Havilio very worried very very very
distressed by this issue but moving
time that they had a good relationship
had their difference they have a tendency of
sufficiency their way of thinking if each
one has their vision but as a result of the
episode this I want was resentful and I think it
would be the relationship is that
no linguistic between them
banks and
but after they still things like
that but now things are good they do not
have the same depth previously it is
understood we are not friends and
if not no no no no it's as if something I am not
going to do with the same
great depth if there is a deal if you are going to continue
having they are not rivals no no no
exactly not everything is fine
with time with time
and never again
if the pressure ever I am going to get wet
we are flower of back I  I
saw the cycle announced, what
gave you a lot like Javi two months ago
please
yes because I am the last time you listen
- as if it were
and of course of
course from a world
yes
for him it was the same it was the same
and the two of us both suddenly
have but he is also an
older person and can know him that is why
I think he does not take it into account
against the author because he knows his name he
has
but he did not say it
but
and as the oldest is an older person
who is many years older than him
the truth
but never
and well
nobody has to do with time
given these rules so it is true that
man there will be little things there with time they
will recover better but they
will put the trivia on me there is nothing we are
fine sincerely
and after
but well also of course I would never
speak ill of him
contained from the moment of the other
half and complicated
and well
for better
Colombo the wicks and we will all have
our Alsea fighting on YouTube
outside of YouTube no way is it
possible to fight with the assortment who
fights with the surf it is because it is that a
fight
ah
in a problem they can have some
exchange with slopes of pushes with
the teams of worrying to  one but not
reality in reality can actually be
solved is not perfect the relationship is
put as it affects me the relationship with having
some issue of schedule to a little issue of
territory happy
and sometime you are going to leave what
you understand that you have done that if
you are going to have things like I saw last night in problems problem not simply as that we always talk quite well we always fight hard we fight we fight hard yours but no well that we have in all areas of work in life is today
but sometimes each one buys things
a little personal but well that's how
classes are
uncle talkative uncle
66 and 67 fix land I don't have to
do it
now I'm going to see some complaint and put
for a flower was nothing
without many changes sometimes it is
happening to us it is a work path second
my house I have with my criticisms the sun
and second in Latin
not based on a combination
in some cases because they are like that
mulberry
already thing that will be said there is a
flower was that the complaint now the issue
is very stopped the issue you know what
faure I have reported it for the issue is
very stopped now with all this that is
happening  the coronavirus and all that and for me it
's a secondary issue first I have
others another more important trial that I
want to get out of the way
I knew once that such and then we're
going to go for it and not only that
way but we're going to go through the
media and things and I've said it a
ton of times I know that she's even
more of a laugh than a bluff I don't know what but no
I mean as you well know I'm very well
advised at every moment when I have to
act and when she doesn't know that's not a
problem for me now there are forum members
who don't have the weight to take matters to
court for things she doesn't have weight but there's
one of them that if I report her because she has a lot of
things they
know a lot of things that she's done that she's
crossed the line three million
times and they can be proven
it's as simple as asking for a
court order
hey look they just sent me an email
telling me
that in Latin America it costs
20 cents and 50 cents to become a member damn damn it idiots idiots to
be a member
you know what the feet should be like
this is already a  trick that I'm going to give you
but for those who are her and that's okay I'm
going to give you a trick for whatever and
that's
okay for those who can't become a member
and spend a euro
okay
you can start opening youtube with a vpn
or with the opera browser
say that you are in argentina and it
costs you 50 cents
or so if you make us a member everyone
with that you
really are let's go it's that you don't
want
if you make us a member with that it's that you don't want
what I want are members
for that reason thank you thank you for the
support as always divine
videos
well it's very good rosita very good I didn't
expect
I expected so much seat well it's
true they told her the cards she didn't
accept it but maybe it was so many
coincidences she even said some
other phrase because it seems that she knows me a
lot
leider
now I want to see here I want to see the
power of all my followers in the
afternoon we will leave in the afternoon but first you
have to make the members and support
me so that I can get out okay it
seems that  He knows a lot, I know he
knows me a lot, a lot, okay, but there were
many phrases and many things about my
personality that he said that
surprised me, surprised me because they are
things you say, damn, damn